How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

diff command shows the variations made to the new file to the old one by prefixing the line with +++ and the old line with ---. This helps developers to find the exact changes made to the code they have written. Sometimes the changes could be typos which can be difficult to spot and spotting it manually is a tough task.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Having a history of the different versions of the file makes it easy to revert to a previous version if the developer has messed up with the latest version.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	Setting up regular commits can save versions where no logical change has been made. Likewise manual saving can save versions only the developer thinks of but it an sometimes be confusing if the developer chooses to commit after making multiple logical changes.ie. not commiting for a long period.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Because most of the times files are dependent such as HTML, CSS and JS. So, its important to track multiple files at once.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log shows the list of commits done from the beginning. Each commit has a unique id, author, date and a commit message. We can use the commit ids to compare two versions of the repository. This shows the insertions and deletions made in the latest commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	Since we can checkout to the previous versions of the commit, we can be confident about making changes whcih might introduce a bug. Using git diff between the commits will show which insertions or deletions introduced the bug.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I will use git to version control my future projects.
